1. C14 isotope turns into N14 isotope by beta decay, how does this decay affect the proton number?
	- Increases by 1
2.  According to the following digram, the granite pluton is older than the fault.
	- True
3. If an isotope has a half life of 1 million years, what would be the parent to daughter ratio in 200 million years.
	- 3/1
4. If a newly formed mineral has 1000 radioactive parent isotopes and zero daughter isotope, what will the daughter/parent isotope ration be after two half lives?
	- 3/1
5. If a newly formed mineral has 2000 radioactive parent isotopes and zero daughter isotopes, what would the parent/daughter isotope ratio be after three half life times.
	- 1/7
6. If a mineral has 1200 radioactive parent isotopes, how many parent isotopes will remain after three half life times?
	- 150
7. If the nucleus of an isotope (X20) captures four electrons, how would its proton number change?
	- Decrease by 4
8. If the nucleus of an isotope (X60) undergoes 4 alpha decay processes, how would its proton number change?
	- Decrease by 8
9. If the nucleus of an isotope (X60) undergoes 2 alpha decay processes, how would its mass number change?
	- Decrease by 8
10. According to the following diagram, the sill is older than the basalt dyke.
	- True
11. If a mineral hss 3200 radioactive parent isotopes, how many daughter isotopes will be produced after two half life times
	- 2400
12. If the nucleus of an isotope captures four electrons, how would its mass number change?
	- No change
13. If the nucleus of an isotope captures five electrons, how would its proton number change?
	- Decrease 51
14. According to the following digram, the fault is older than the basalt dyke
	- True
15. If an isotope with a mass number of 92 undergoes 3 alpha decay processes, its new mass number would be....
	- 80
16. C14 is generated by electron capture of N14 via 7p + 7n + e --> 6p + 8n
	- False